1.The Fastest Blockchain Solutions

2. The Alph Foundation launches an incentive program focused on accelerating the adoption and growth of its novel Subnets, the premiere scaling solution for Web3 dApps.

3. EVM-compatible Ethereum sidechain, secured by a permissionless set of PoA validators.

4. Flexibility

5. EVM compatibility means deploying your smart contracts directly on the Alph chain.

6. Speed

7. Non-custodial architecture means users have control of their keys

8. Alph makes Ethereum accessible for all

9. Alph combines the best of Ethereum and sovereign blockchains into a full-fledged multi-chain system.

10. Almost instant transfers

11. Transactions on Alph are finalized in a second and cost a fraction of a cent.

12. Highly scalable

13. Alph can process thousands of transactions per seconds and scale to thousands of nodes.

14. Ethereum compatible

15. Alph is EVM compatible. Deploy and run your Ethereum dApps on Alph.

16. The future of the web3 built #onAlph.

17. Build on Alph

18. Start building on Alph using Solidity and the tools you’re already familiar with: Remix, Truffle, and MetaMask. Fantom supports the EVM and you can deploy your dApps just like on Ethereum. Access to the documentation and connect with our developer community.

19. Open source

20. Alph code is completely open source. Anyone can read it, check on the progress, comment on it, and help us build the ecosystem.

21. Launch customized blockchains, private & public

22. Deploy blockchains that fit your own application needs. Build your own virtual machine and dictate exactly how the blockchain should operate.

23. Flexible, composable VMs

24. Alph Virtual Machines (VMs) enable developers to easily launch blockchains with a wide array of application-specific features. The Ethereum Virtual Machine is fully running on Alph with more VMs to come.

25. Authority Masternode Operators, with the aligned interest in the development of Alph ecosystem, maintain the Alph protocol according to the Foundation's governance policy. PoA addresses enterprise' common concerns of inefficient upgrade and waste of energy.

26. Environmental Friendly

27. Governance
